Mark storage capacity as GA + related updates (#32008)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/storage-capacity.md

which a pod runs: network-attached storage might not be accessible by
all nodes, or storage is local to a node to begin with.

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="stable" >}}

This page describes how Kubernetes keeps track of storage capacity and
how the scheduler uses that information to [schedule Pods](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/) onto nodes
that have access to enough storage capacity for the remaining missing
volumes. Without storage capacity tracking, the scheduler may choose a
node that doesn't have enough capacity to provision a volume and
multiple scheduling retries will be needed.

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} includes cluster-level API support for
storage capacity tracking. To use this you must also be using a CSI driver that
supports capacity tracking. Consult the documentation for the CSI drivers that
you use to find out whether this support is available and, if so, how to use
it. If you are not running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, check the

> documentation for that version of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Looks good, thanks.

<!-- body -->

## API

There are two API extensions for this feature:

> - [CSIStorageCapacity](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#csistoragecapacity-v1-storage-k8s-io) objects:

Reviewer: Link should be https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/config-and-storage-resources/csi-storage-capacity/

> - [CSIStorageCapacity](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#csistoragecapacity-v1-storage-k8s-io) objects:

Author: Looking at the other, already valid links there's a `-v1` missing. Will add that.

Should the link have the `https://kubernetes.io` prefix or start with `/docs`?

> - [CSIStorageCapacity](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#csistoragecapacity-v1-storage-k8s-io) objects:

Reviewer: In the Markdown, start links to documentation with `/docs/`

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#links has an example.

> - [CSIStorageCapacity](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#csistoragecapacity-v1-storage-k8s-io) objects:

Author: Done. I also updated the link for CSIDriver (same bullet list).

## Enabling storage capacity tracking

> Storage capacity tracking is a stable feature and always enabled in a
> Kubernetes cluster since Kubernetes 1.24. A CSI driver also has to support
> it. Please refer to the driver's documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} includes cluster-level API support for storage
capacity tracking. To use this you must also be using a CSI driver that supports capacity
tracking. Consult the documentation for the CSI drivers that you use to find out whether
this support is available and, if so, how to use it.
If you are not running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, check the documentation
for that version of Kubernetes.
```

I would however also move this particular section to the _start_ of the page (just before `<!-- body -->`) and change the heading to read:

```markdown
## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}
```

You can then also reword or remove:
```markdown
Tracking storage capacity is supported for {{< glossary_tooltip
text="Container Storage Interface" term_id="csi" >}} (CSI) drivers and
[needs to be enabled](#enabling-storage-capacity-tracking) when installing a CSI driver.
```
